Update use-psa.md (#97205)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/use-psa.md

Pod Security Admission enforces Pod Security Standards policies on pods running in a namespace. Pod Security Admission is enabled by default in AKS and is controlled by adding labels to a namespace. For more information about Pod Security Admission, see [Enforce Pod Security Standards with Namespace Labels][kubernetes-psa]. For more information about the Pod Security Standards used by Pod Security Admission, see [Pod Security Standards][kubernetes-pss].

> Pod Security Admission is a built-in policy solution for single cluster implementations. If you are looking for enterprise-grade policy, then [Azure policy][use-azure-policy.md] is a better choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pod Security Admission is a built-in policy solution for single cluster implementations. If you are looking for enterprise-grade policy, then [Azure policy](use-azure-policy.md) is a better choice.
```

> Pod Security Admission is a built-in policy solution for single cluster implementations. If you are looking for enterprise-grade policy, then [Azure policy][https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/use-azure-policy] is a better choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pod Security Admission is a built-in policy solution for single cluster implementations. If you are looking for enterprise-grade policy, then [Azure policy][use-azure-policy.md] is a better choice.
```
fixing absolute link
